A kind of Good luck digital welfare ecology A kind of

To be careful Lottery rules

A kind of 1、 How to participate
Before participating in the contest, you need to recharge the usdt, and use the usdt to exchange the lottery number on the home page to obtain the qualification of the lottery. You need to pay 1usdt for each lottery number, and the number of exchanges will be limited every day.

A kind of 2、 Opening time
Every day, there will be a prize opening period, and the exchange order will display the prize opening time. The system will open the prize according to the rules. After the prize opening, the winning result list will be published, and the historical prize opening record can be queried.

A kind of 3、 Prize details
The lottery number is based on the BTC price of three major international exchanges. Each lottery number is selected by itself or by machine. For example, the opening time is 23:00, the BTC price is 6513.14, the 6-digit number of the lottery number is 6513.14. Congratulations on winning the first prize, the 6-digit number of the lottery number is 6513.1. Congratulations on winning the second prize, the 6-digit number of the lottery number is 6513. Congratulations on winning the third prize, and the 6-digit number of the lottery number is 651.

The awards are set as follows:
First prize: Winning users are equally divided into 40% of the total bonus pool of the current period.
Second prize: Winning users are equally divided into 30% of the total bonus pool of the current period.
Third prize: Winning users are equally divided into 20% of the total bonus pool of the current period.
Lucky prize: Winning users are equally divided into 10% of the total bonus pool of the current period.

According to the development of the platform, the platform adjusts the number of winning users and the increase or decrease of awards for each award from time to time, and the platform announcement will be released before the adjustment.

A kind of 4、 How to cash the prize
The winning bonus will be directly transferred to the winning account.

A kind of 5、 Other terms
The platform has the right to upgrade, optimize, adjust and modify the system rules, and the platform reserves the right of final interpretation
